Ah Jian, our software will be launched soon. I'm so nervous.
You have to trust the software I designed.
Don't worry, as long as the data is ok.
accurate customer engagement
Results in an hour
I didn't expect you to be able to architect and program
You are amazing
You see, someone has already registered.
And the number of views skyrocketed.
Ah Jin, you said that they don't all come from recharging and registering red envelopes, right?
What happens once we run out of money?
Our cost of customer acquisition is the lowest in the market
As long as customers can browse
The data has been good.
Investors will contact me soon.
You see a lot has appeared
Right
Do you want to invest in me?
Oh, really?
Ok, I'll be right there.
Do you understand the background of the other party clearly?
I don't worry if you go alone, I'll go with you.
Boss Zhou, we are not a big group
You just sit here and listen to the data
Give me time
Pay attention to safety
Long time no see Xu Da live streaming host
Don't come here
My date is coming soon
Are you making an appointment with Mr. Fei?
That's right, I'm Mr. Wei
What do you dare to do to me?
Aren't you afraid that Zhou Yanjing will make you disappear completely?
Stop pretending to be awesome with me
Zhou Yanjing is just a keyboarder now, delivering takeout to me as a younger brother, and I have to see if I agree or not
As for you, you'd better serve me first
I'll come back to you when I'm done with the boss.